now the two angels came to Sodom in the
now the two angels came to Sodom in the evening and lot was sitting in the gate
evening and lot was sitting in the gate
evening and lot was sitting in the gate of Sodom when lots saw them he rose to
of Sodom when lots saw them he rose to
of Sodom when lots saw them he rose to meet them and he bowed himself with his
meet them and he bowed himself with his
meet them and he bowed himself with his face toward the ground here now my Lords
face toward the ground here now my Lords
face toward the ground here now my Lords please turn in to your servants house
please turn in to your servants house
please turn in to your servants house and spend the night and wash your feet
and spend the night and wash your feet
and spend the night and wash your feet then you may rise early and go on your
then you may rise early and go on your
then you may rise early and go on your way no but we will spend the night in
way no but we will spend the night in
way no but we will spend the night in the open square but he insisted strongly
the open square but he insisted strongly
the open square but he insisted strongly so they turned into him and entered his
so they turned into him and entered his
so they turned into him and entered his house then he made them a feast and
house then he made them a feast and
house then he made them a feast and baked unleavened bread and they ate now
baked unleavened bread and they ate now
baked unleavened bread and they ate now before they lay down the men of the city
before they lay down the men of the city
before they lay down the men of the city the men of Sodom both old and young all
the men of Sodom both old and young all
the men of Sodom both old and young all the people from every quarter surrounded
the people from every quarter surrounded
the people from every quarter surrounded the house and they called to lot where
the house and they called to lot where
the house and they called to lot where the men who came to you tonight bring
the men who came to you tonight bring
the men who came to you tonight bring them out to us that we may know them
them out to us that we may know them
them out to us that we may know them carnally so lot went out to them through
carnally so lot went out to them through
carnally so lot went out to them through the doorway shut the door behind him and
the doorway shut the door behind him and
the doorway shut the door behind him and said please my brethren do not do so
said please my brethren do not do so
said please my brethren do not do so wickedly xena I have two daughters who
wickedly xena I have two daughters who
wickedly xena I have two daughters who have not known a man
have not known a man
have not known a man please let me bring them out to you and
please let me bring them out to you and
please let me bring them out to you and you may do to them as you wish only do
you may do to them as you wish only do
you may do to them as you wish only do nothing to these men since this is the
nothing to these men since this is the
nothing to these men since this is the reason they have come under the shadow
reason they have come under the shadow
reason they have come under the shadow of my roof stand back this one came in
of my roof stand back this one came in
of my roof stand back this one came in to stay here and he keeps acting as a
to stay here and he keeps acting as a
to stay here and he keeps acting as a judge now we will deal worse with you
judge now we will deal worse with you
judge now we will deal worse with you than with them so they pressed hard
than with them so they pressed hard
than with them so they pressed hard against the man locked and came near to
against the man locked and came near to
against the man locked and came near to break down the door but the man reached
break down the door but the man reached
break down the door but the man reached out their hands and pulled lot into the
out their hands and pulled lot into the
out their hands and pulled lot into the house with them and shut the door and
house with them and shut the door and
house with them and shut the door and they struck the men who were at the
they struck the men who were at the
they struck the men who were at the doorway in the house with blindness both
doorway in the house with blindness both
doorway in the house with blindness both small and great so that they became
small and great so that they became
small and great so that they became weary trying to find the door when the
weary trying to find the door when the
weary trying to find the door when the man said to lot have you anyone else
man said to lot have you anyone else
man said to lot have you anyone else here son-in-law your sons your daughters
here son-in-law your sons your daughters
here son-in-law your sons your daughters and whomever you have in the city take
and whomever you have in the city take
and whomever you have in the city take them out of this place for we will
them out of this place for we will
them out of this place for we will destroy this place because the outcry
destroy this place because the outcry
destroy this place because the outcry against them has grown great before the
against them has grown great before the
against them has grown great before the face of the Lord and the Lord has sent
face of the Lord and the Lord has sent
face of the Lord and the Lord has sent us to destroy it
us to destroy it
us to destroy it sir lot went out and spoke to his
sir lot went out and spoke to his
sir lot went out and spoke to his sons-in-law who had married his daughter
sons-in-law who had married his daughter
sons-in-law who had married his daughter get out of this place but the Lord will
get out of this place but the Lord will
get out of this place but the Lord will destroy this city but to his sons-in-law
destroy this city but to his sons-in-law
destroy this city but to his sons-in-law he seemed to be joking when the morning
he seemed to be joking when the morning
he seemed to be joking when the morning dawned the Angels urged lot to hurry
dawned the Angels urged lot to hurry
dawned the Angels urged lot to hurry arise take your wife and your two
arise take your wife and your two
arise take your wife and your two daughters who are here lest you be
daughters who are here lest you be
daughters who are here lest you be consumed in the punishment of the city
consumed in the punishment of the city
consumed in the punishment of the city and while he lingered the man took hold
and while he lingered the man took hold
and while he lingered the man took hold of his hand his wife's hand and the
of his hand his wife's hand and the
of his hand his wife's hand and the hands of his two daughters the Lord
hands of his two daughters the Lord
hands of his two daughters the Lord being merciful to him and they brought
being merciful to him and they brought
being merciful to him and they brought him out and set him outside the city
him out and set him outside the city
him out and set him outside the city [Music]
[Music]
so it came to pass when they had brought
so it came to pass when they had brought them outside that he said escape for
them outside that he said escape for
them outside that he said escape for your life do not look behind you nor
your life do not look behind you nor
your life do not look behind you nor stay anywhere in the plane escape to the
stay anywhere in the plane escape to the
stay anywhere in the plane escape to the mountains lest you be destroyed please
mountains lest you be destroyed please
mountains lest you be destroyed please no my Lords indeed now your servant has
no my Lords indeed now your servant has
no my Lords indeed now your servant has found favor in your sight and you have
found favor in your sight and you have
found favor in your sight and you have increased your mercy which you have
increased your mercy which you have
increased your mercy which you have shown me by saving my life I cannot
shown me by saving my life I cannot
shown me by saving my life I cannot escape to the mountains lest some evil
escape to the mountains lest some evil
escape to the mountains lest some evil overtake me and I die
overtake me and I die
overtake me and I die see now this city is near enough to flee
see now this city is near enough to flee
see now this city is near enough to flee too and it is a little one please let me
too and it is a little one please let me
too and it is a little one please let me escape there is it not a little one and
escape there is it not a little one and
escape there is it not a little one and my soul shall live see I have favoured
my soul shall live see I have favoured
my soul shall live see I have favoured you concerning this thing also in that I
you concerning this thing also in that I
you concerning this thing also in that I will not overthrow this city for which
will not overthrow this city for which
will not overthrow this city for which you have spoken hurry
you have spoken hurry
you have spoken hurry escape there for I cannot do anything
escape there for I cannot do anything
escape there for I cannot do anything until you arrive there
until you arrive there
until you arrive there therefore the name of the city was
therefore the name of the city was
therefore the name of the city was called ZOA the Sun had risen upon the
called ZOA the Sun had risen upon the
called ZOA the Sun had risen upon the earth
earth
earth when lot entered Silla then the Lord
when lot entered Silla then the Lord
when lot entered Silla then the Lord rained brimstone and fire on Sodom and
rained brimstone and fire on Sodom and
rained brimstone and fire on Sodom and Gomorrah
Gomorrah
Gomorrah from the Lord out of the heavens
so he overthrew those cities all the
so he overthrew those cities all the plane all the inhabitants of the cities
plane all the inhabitants of the cities
plane all the inhabitants of the cities and one grew on the ground
and one grew on the ground
and one grew on the ground [Music]
but his wife looked back behind him and
but his wife looked back behind him and she became a pillar of salt
she became a pillar of salt
she became a pillar of salt [Music]
[Music]
[Music] and Abraham went early in the morning to
and Abraham went early in the morning to
and Abraham went early in the morning to the place where he had stood before the
the place where he had stood before the
the place where he had stood before the Lord when he looked towards Sodom and
Lord when he looked towards Sodom and
Lord when he looked towards Sodom and Gomorrah and toward all the land of the
Gomorrah and toward all the land of the
Gomorrah and toward all the land of the plain and he saw and behold the smoke of
plain and he saw and behold the smoke of
plain and he saw and behold the smoke of the land which went up like the smoke of
the land which went up like the smoke of
the land which went up like the smoke of a furnace and it came to pass when God
a furnace and it came to pass when God
a furnace and it came to pass when God destroyed the cities of the plain that
destroyed the cities of the plain that
destroyed the cities of the plain that God remembered Abraham and sent lot out
God remembered Abraham and sent lot out
God remembered Abraham and sent lot out of the midst of the overthrown when he
of the midst of the overthrown when he
of the midst of the overthrown when he overthrew the cities in which lot had
overthrew the cities in which lot had
overthrew the cities in which lot had dwelt and lot went up out of Zoar and
dwelt and lot went up out of Zoar and
dwelt and lot went up out of Zoar and dwelt in the mountains and his two
dwelt in the mountains and his two
dwelt in the mountains and his two daughters were with him for he was
daughters were with him for he was
daughters were with him for he was afraid to dwell in Zorah and he and his
afraid to dwell in Zorah and he and his
afraid to dwell in Zorah and he and his two daughters dwelt in a cave now the
two daughters dwelt in a cave now the
two daughters dwelt in a cave now the firstborn said to the younger our Father
firstborn said to the younger our Father
firstborn said to the younger our Father is old and there is no man on the earth
is old and there is no man on the earth
is old and there is no man on the earth to come in to us
to come in to us
to come in to us as is the custom of all the earth come
as is the custom of all the earth come
as is the custom of all the earth come let us make our father drink wine and we
let us make our father drink wine and we
let us make our father drink wine and we will lie with him that we may preserve
will lie with him that we may preserve
will lie with him that we may preserve the lineage of our Father so they made
the lineage of our Father so they made
the lineage of our Father so they made their father drink wine that night and
their father drink wine that night and
their father drink wine that night and the firstborn went in and laid with her
the firstborn went in and laid with her
the firstborn went in and laid with her father
father
father and he did not know when she lay down or
and he did not know when she lay down or
and he did not know when she lay down or when she arose it happened on the next
when she arose it happened on the next
when she arose it happened on the next day that the firstborn said to the
day that the firstborn said to the
day that the firstborn said to the younger indeed I lay with my father last
younger indeed I lay with my father last
younger indeed I lay with my father last night let us make him drink wine tonight
night let us make him drink wine tonight
night let us make him drink wine tonight also and you go in and lie with him that
also and you go in and lie with him that
also and you go in and lie with him that we may preserve the lineage of our
we may preserve the lineage of our
we may preserve the lineage of our Father then they made their father drink
Father then they made their father drink
Father then they made their father drink wine that might also and the younger
wine that might also and the younger
wine that might also and the younger arose and lay with him
arose and lay with him
arose and lay with him and he did not know when she lay down or
and he did not know when she lay down or
and he did not know when she lay down or when she arose thus both the daughters
when she arose thus both the daughters
when she arose thus both the daughters of lot were with child by their father
of lot were with child by their father
of lot were with child by their father the firstborn bought a son and called
the firstborn bought a son and called
the firstborn bought a son and called his name more he is the father of the
his name more he is the father of the
his name more he is the father of the myrrh bites to this day and the younger
myrrh bites to this day and the younger
myrrh bites to this day and the younger she also bore a son and called his name
she also bore a son and called his name
she also bore a son and called his name Ben am i he is the father of the people
Ben am i he is the father of the people
Ben am i he is the father of the people of amun to this day